Tim McGraw - Commentary LyricsTaylor Swift: Hey, I'm Taylor Swift and you're listening to Big Machine Radio.

Becca: And I'm Becca, and we're celebrating the anniversaries of the release of Taylor Swift's albums, because, you know, she always tends to release her albums on October or November. That means there are a lot of milestones to celebrate around this time of year. In fact, it was twelve years ago that wе were first introduced to Taylor through hеr self-titled debut album. You know, when you think about it, it's hard to believe that's already been twelve years and, in sme ways, it's hard to believe it's only been twelve years. But it happened October 24th, 2006, that's when the world was introduced to Taylor Swift and all of her incredible songs, like "Tim McGraw," "Teardrops On My Guitar," "Picture to Burn," and all of those songs that laid the foundation for what has become an incredible carreer for Taylor Swift. And during this special, we're going to revisit every single one of those songs off of Taylor Swift's debut album. We're also gonna be hearing from Taylor, we have dugged back into our archives and found Taylor talking about this album and where she was at in her life back at that time. Not surprising, she says Tim McGraw is a song that she wrote based on one of her true personal life stories, in fact, she didn't actually think that it would be a significant in her carrer as it was.

Taylor Swift: I wrote it about this guy that I was dating that was about to go off for college and I knew we were gonna break up, so I started thinking about all the things I knew that reminded him of me. And, um, you know, one of the first things that came to mind was Tim McGraw. And this song, really, I didn't think anything of it when I wrote it. Certainly didn't think it would be a single, certainly didn't think it would be a hit single. And, you know, when I played it to my record label, they were just, like, "Well, that's your first single."

Becca: For a lot of people, this was their introdution to Taylor Swift. When this song came on the radio, it's "Tim McGraw" on Big Machine Radio.See Taylor Swift LiveGet tickets as low as $